ULTRA Update curriculum learning documentation (#813)
huawei-noah/SMARTS: ultra/docs/curriculum_learning.md

        toggle: <bool> # Enable the condition
        pass_rate: <float> # Scalar between 0 and 1; describes the threshold completion rate (%)
        sample_rate: <int> # Samples for some parameter (average_reached_goal) at every N episodes
        warmup_episodes: <int> # Starting N episodes where sampling does not occur, thus no graduation can take place
```
A more specific example in which we take the three levels from task 1 and distribute it among three grades

```yaml
curriculum:
  static:
    toggle: True
    grades:
      1: [[1,no-traffic]]
      2: [[1,easy]]
      3: [[1,hard]]
      conditions:
        eval_per_grade: True
        episode_based:
          toggle: True 
          cycle: True 
        pass_based:
          toggle: False 
          pass_rate: 0.50 # If the average scenario passed exceeds more than 0.5 then grade is switched
          sample_rate: 30 # Every 30 episodes slot, the average reached goal (arg) is calculated (arg = total_scenario_passed / sample_rate)
          warmup_episodes: 100 # Starting at any grade, the first 100 episodes will be subjected to no sampling
```

> Now when we enter grade 1, the agent will only face the scenarios that are part of (task 1, level easy), same applies to grades 2 and 3. The conditions for graduation is that the agent will complete N number of episodes in each grade. N is the quotient of the total number of episodes / total number of grades. The other condition is that agents will only graudate from a grade if it has reached a specified "passing mark". The "passing mark" can be any param (env_score, reached_goal, collisions) that is aggregated over some N sample of episodes (which is defined in the curriculum config file).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now when we enter grade 1, the agent will only face the scenarios that are part of (task 1, level no-traffic). Grade 2 consists of scenarios that art part of (task 1, level easy), and grade 3 has scenarios from (task 1, level hard). The conditions for graduation to the next grade is that the agent will complete N number of episodes in each grade. N is the quotient of the total number of episodes / total number of grades. The other condition is that agents will only graduate from a grade if it has reached a specified "passing mark". The "passing mark" can be any metric (`env_score`, `reached_goal`, `collisions`) that is averaged over N sample of episodes (which is defined in the curriculum config file).
```
Is "(task 1, level easy)" supposed to be "(task 1, level no-traffic)"?
Is "aggregated" supposed to be "averaged"?

                   [50kmh,high-density,0.01],[70kmh,high-density,0.01],[100kmh,high-density,0.01]] # 3%
```

- However a level can be very specific (2_lane t intersection with only medium density that flows @ 70kmh). This level will only produce scenarios with that specification

```yaml
  2t-mid-70: # 2lane_t, mid-density, 70kmh (specific level)
    train:
      # ... irrelevant info is left out
      intersection_types:
        2lane_t:
           percent: 1.0
           specs: [[70kmh,mid-density,1]] # 100%
```

Due to work in progress with further research into curriculum learning. The dynamic curriculum implementation is separated from the static curriculum. In future updates a more blended architecture will be implemented. For now to use the dynamic curriculum, we must update a few params curriculum config file 

```yaml
  curriculum:
    static:
      # N/A
    dynamic:
      toggle: <bool> # Turn on dynamic curriculum settings
      tasks_levels_used: <list> # All the tasks & levels that "can" be used
      sampling_rate: <list> # The rate at which the curriculum is updated in terms of episodes
```

> A specific example with values to describe the dynamic curriculum setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A specific example with values to describe the dynamic curriculum setup:
```

```yaml
  curriculum:
    static:
      toggle: False
      # N/A
    dynamic:
      toggle: True
      tasks_levels_used: [["1","no-traffic"], ["1","low-density"], ["1","mid-density"], ["1","high-density"]]
      sampling_rate: 50
```

> We can use this method to create these single-scenario levels that only generate a specific range of scenarios. So if the user wants to introduce low-density traffic (with any speed) at a given episode or timestep they can "pull" (build) scenarios from that level and used them. Although, an overlying algorithm or policy will automate the process of building and introducing scenarios to the agents. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can use this method to create these single-scenario levels that only generate a specific range of scenarios. So if the user wants to introduce low-density traffic (with any speed) at a given episode or timestep they can "pull" (build) scenarios from that level and use them. Although, an overlying algorithm or policy will automate the process of building and introducing scenarios to the agents.
```
Also, just curious, what do you mean by "overlying algorithm or policy"? Do you mean something like a teacher agent?

Scenarios that have been dynamically created will be stored in a staging directory. The directory will be flushed depending on when the "teacher" or user needs to update the curriculum.

> For testing scenarios, the same process applies. However, test scenarios will be only generated once in bulk. You can either specify a test level with desired settings and the numbers of scenarios to be generated in the task configs or specify the number of scenarios and type of scenarios on-the-fly as well. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For testing scenarios, the same process applies. However, test scenarios will be only generated once in bulk. You can either specify a test level with desired settings and the numbers of scenarios to be generated in the task configs, or specify the number of scenarios and type of scenarios on-the-fly as well.
```

- Execute `ultra/train.py`. The following is a list of available arguments for curriculum learning only. To view full list of arguments please refer to [Train and Evaluate a Baseline Agent](docs/getting_started.md).
  - `--curriculum-mode`: Use curriculum learning, will ignore the tasks and levels flag (default is False).
  - `--curriculum-dir`: Path to the curriculum directory which is used to gather task and level information of the grades (default is ../scenarios/curriculum/).

>   - `--curriculum-build-scenarios` : Option to automatically build all the scenarios (available for static curriculas) which will be needed from each grade. If you have already build the scenarios then simply ignore this flag (default is False).
>   - `--curriculum-scenarios-root-dir` : Specify the directory where the curriculum tasks (config files) are stored (default is ultra/scenarios).
>   - `--curriculum-scenarios-save-dir` : Specify the directory to save the scenarios in. Default is to save the scenarios inside it's respective task directory (default is None).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `--curriculum-build-scenarios`: Option to automatically build all the scenarios (available for static curricula) which will be needed from each grade. If you have already build the scenarios then simply ignore this flag (default is False).
  - `--curriculum-scenarios-root-dir`: Specify the directory where the curriculum tasks (config files) are stored (default is `ultra/scenarios/`).
  - `--curriculum-scenarios-save-dir`: Specify the directory to save the scenarios in. Default is to save the scenarios inside its respective task directory (default is None).
```

> > The base tools which are needed for implementing curriculum learning in ULTRA are completed, however with continuos progress on the research front, these tools will be subjected to change

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The base tools which are needed for implementing curriculum learning in ULTRA are complete, however with continuous progress on the research front, these tools will be subject to change.
```
